Hello! I'm Aronya, a Graduate student of Computer Science at the University of California, San Diego.

My interests are in the field of distributed systems, parallel programming and high-performance computing. I am most interested in enabling the AI programs of the future to harness increased hardware performance at both training time, as well as during inference. 

In my last full-time position at HPE, I contributed to one of HPE GreenLake's most successful products, GreenLake Private Cloud Enterprise (PCE). PCE brought in almost $1bn in revenue for HPE GreenLake between 2022 and 2024. I implemented and tested microservices for SSL certificate management, remote debugging and asynchronous upgrades of containerized services on top of an on-prem Kubernetes cluster. I also implemented and tested services on AWS EKS that act as companions to the above, in addition to maintaining deployment and testing pipelines using Terraform's AWS Plugin, and GitHub Actions. I worked on initiatives to deploy our solution at massive scale (at [The Home Depot's 2300+ stores in North America](https://www.hpe.com/psnow/doc/a50006905enw)) and led initiatives for security hardening of our services to the US Department of Defense's IL4 standards (for the [Defense Information Systems Agency](https://www.hpe.com/us/en/newsroom/press-release/2024/04/defense-information-systems-agency-selects-hpe-greenlake-for-the-distributed-hybrid-multi-cloud-prototype-to-bring-unified-cloud-experience-to-datacenters.html)). 

As an intern within HPE's HPC and AI business, I was responsible for implementing and testing a new module implementing multi-factor authentication for the Apache-based NSHTTP web browser that runs on top of HPE's highly available NonStop server line. This project gave me my first exposure to programming on a distributed environment, and to the masterpiece of performance engineering that is the Apache web server. My work as an intern was released to production in [NSHTTP version 2.4](https://support.hpe.com/hpesc/public/docDisplay?docId=a00099613en_us&page=GUID-0925EF11-1982-4975-B380-67A5D57A864D.html)
